Create `@kampus/std` package (#542)
kamp-us/monorepo: packages/std/README.md

# `@kampus/std`

> Set of utilities that can we use in every other workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standard library for kampus projects: group of utilities that can we use in every other workspace.
```
